So Trump down my example a little bit.
But it's still the person the handler with the getter where I check if the property we try to access
actually exists.
And then a wealthy proxy where I wrap this.
However I'm going to change this.
I'm not rapping person here.
Instead I'll grab an empty object so not as empty object gets this handler and therefore of course if
I try to access proxy name what will I get.
Non-existent because while this empty object doesn't have any field staff or it doesn't have a name
as well.
So what's the sense of this then.
Well I can use this proxy as a prototype and now things get really fancy because with Dad of course
I can set a prototype to get the whole inheritance chain going on or to use it on all kinds of objects
and.
Well I think that's a really cool and interesting feature.
So how would we do that.
Well I can call refl. said prototype off the method you already saw in the refl. API module.
And here is my prison and I'll set my proxy as a prototype of the person.
So now the person isn't wrapped with that proxy but the prototype of the person is.
So now if I try to access personal names I'm not using the proxy or what will I get while I get Macs
because person does have the name but one that I get if I try to access this person thought hobbies
.
Now I get non-existent and I think you immediately see the advantage offered.
The interesting thing about this approach by making this a prototype I'm again able to directly access
my object instead of the proxy as we saw it for it.
But still I have the proxy protection kind of going on.
Of course the disadvantages if I have traps which I want to apply even to individual object that wouldn't
work.
But an example like this one year where I'd check if a certain property exists is perfect for this approach
because of this I don't have to use a proxy I may use that person but if I try to like try to access
a non-existent property I still get the proxy protection.
So it really depends on your needs.
If you want to have these check before you access your object the object itself.
Or if you kind of want to have this well protection in the back once you access your object and then
you might try to well like your X or something which isn't there and therefore protect the prototype
.
So I just wanted to show you this and get you to think about it might be useful in your application
and life here as I just explained.
It's extremely useful and I think interesting thing that proxies can be prototypes